                                                       ASSIGNMENT 1:GRAPH TRAVERSAL
Q1# Write a java program to implement the breadth first search (BFS) algorithm for graph traversal
Q2# Write a java program to implement the depth first search (DFS) algorithm for graph traversal

 1 Write a JAVA program to represent a graph using adjacency matrix. (Example 12.1)
 2 Write a JAVA program to represent a graph using adjacency matrix. (Example 12.2)
 3 Write a JAVA program to implement Depth First Search algorithm using stack. (Example 12.3)
 4 Write a JAVA program to implement Depth First Search algorithm using recursion.(Example 12.4)
 5 Write a JAVA program to implement the Breadth First Search (BFS) algorithm.(Example 12.5)
 6 Write a JAVA program to find if there exists a path between any two vertices of a graph (Example 12.7)
 7 Given a source vertex and a destination vertex, write a JAVA program to find all the possible paths from source to destination. 

                                                      

                                                       Lab Assignment 2: Graph Algorithms 
 1 Write a JAVA program to print all the paths from a source vertex to a destination vertex.
 
 2 Write a JAVA program to find the distance between source and destination vertex in a graph.
 3 Given a directed graph, write a JAVA program to find if there exists a cycle in the graph.

 4 Given an undirected graph, write a JAVA program to find if there exists a cycle in the graph using disjoint sets data structure. 
 5 Given a directed graph, write a JAVA program to find if this graph is strongly connected or not. 
 6 Write a JAVA program to implement Prims Algorithm using adjacency matrix



                                                        Lab Assignment 3: Hashing

 
q1# Write a JAVA program to implement hashing using linear probing.
q2# Write a JAVA program to implement hashing using quadratic probing.
q3# Write a JAVA program to implement hashing using separate chaining.


                                                        Lab Assignment 4: String Matching Algorithms
 1 Write a JAVA program to match two strings (using BRUTE Force approach)
 2 Write a JAVA program to match two strings using Rabin Karp algorithm.
 *String Matching- Given a string T= ”abcdefghij” and a pattern P=”def”, you have to find
 whether substring/pattern ”def” is present in given string or not.
 


                                                        Lab Assignment 5: String Algorithms
 1 Write a JAVA program to find the presence of matching order of string. (e.g.
 T=”ABCDEFGHIJ”, M=”BEFJ”- matching order- yes, M=”BHDJ”-matching order-no.
 2 Write a JAVA program to find if a string has unique characters or not.
 3 Write a JAVA program to convert the case of string (upper to lower case and lower to
 upper case). e.g.- abcdEFGH converted to ABCDefgh
 4 Write a JAVA program to check if a string is palindrome or not.
 5 Write a JAVA program to compare the equality of two strings.
 6 Write a JAVA program to reverse a string.
 7 Write a JAVA program to contatenate two strings. e.g. A= abc, B= DEF, concatenated
 string A.B = abcDEF
 




                                                        Lab Assignment 6: Greedy Algorithms
 1 Write a JAVA program to implement fractional knapsack problem using greedy heuristic of
 profit/weight.
 2 Write a JAVA program to implement interval scheduling problem.
 


                                                       Lab Assignment 7: Greedy Algorithms
 1 Write a JAVA program to implement huffman coding algorithm.
 